---
title: suffering
---

well.
what do you think it feels like to lose everything and everyone you love?
i dont have to wonder. 
ive been feeling a surge of extraordinary expression of emotion and empathy lately.
I'm not a person that cries often, i can't tear up even if i wanted to... but 
as of late i feel like a baby. things are actually making me tear up. yes, sad things, things that im expected to have a reaction to
but i never felt this much. these are things that probably wouldn't have made me actually cry earlier.
even for other people. i dont know what it is but i feel like partaking in their pain, holding them up even as im crumbling,
take a little bit of weight off their shoulders. giving them somebody that actually listens.
not hears, listens. i feel bad for them. i greatly greatly dislike humans but they're my children too. 
perhaps being in the same boat means there's an inherent want to look after the other. perhaps.
perhaps i got so used to carrying my own weight, that i want to now take the burden the others are carrying, since my weight is about to crush me anyway.
acts of service in times like this? i actually dont intend for them to be. this isn't a conscious decision im taking, it just, is? maybe this is part of being me?
i feel sorry. for everyone, including myself. the world is a hurt, wicked, tainted place. i neither wish nor want to make it better, i simply do not want to partake in it.
what will be after im gone? who will take the weights of the others' burdens? will i be forgiven for the act of self murder?
am i accountable for this, or is it my circumstances to blame? is the God that put me through this to blame? the devil? just... life?
i will be leaving my work here incomplete. im aborting the mission halfway through. who will carry what has been expected of me?
why haven't i been given the circumstances where i could complete it? why push me this far?
the book of sorrows has run out pages. woe be to me and my life for i cannot even imagine how much worse things will get.
being anointed comes at a price nobody is ever willing to discuss. being two things at once is not feasible.
the higher you climb, the greater your fall will be. the more you increase your knowledge, the more you increase your sorrow.
i want people to be stupid. i would not wish the burden of wisdom upon a mortal human soul. we, or they, don't know what they're wishing for.
to ask to increase in knowledge is analogous to, or rather the same as asking to be burdened. the less you know the better. the less aware you are, the happier.
not all knowledge is bad. to a certain extent there is no one reason to not pursue it, but gaining the knowledge of good beyond that point means you must necessarily pass through and gain knowledge you wouldn't want.
i wish were stupid, i wish i had no brain to think, or atleast one that doesn't think this much, just go with life, eat, sleep, wake up, do things.
perhaps things will get better after im gone. maybe there will be nothing, maybe there will be something, maybe it'll be somewhere inbetween.
maybe i will be judged, maybe i will be forgiven. one thing is for certain, i would not have to deal with this anymore. ever.
why cast unwanted elements down here, where there is also your handiwork, your beloveds?
i am bound to be suffering, that is my purpose.
