---
title: horror
---

hello again. oooooooooooof. im tired.
dad has a bad fever, 102.7 fahrenheit. no amount of paracetamol seems to help, i told mom to call the hospital and ask again tomorrow
oh yeah speaking of that prophecies thing... i forgot the entire reason i spoke of it. i got a slight hint that i may actually be gone of non-self-inflicted causes
before i enact my plans... i'm cautious about thinking it's definitely a prophecy because it doesn't feel like it, this one just feels like an isolated thought but
it is sorttttt of different than a plain old thought so i dunno we'll see. if it does happen without me doing anything then fine that's even better
ugh what a horrible life im so glad it'll be over soon. soon can be tomorrow (very low probability) or about a year later but i'm so glad it'll end within a year.
im ecstatic actually. thinking about that pumps adrenaline into me
but i do worry about family... how will they feel going through this after the shitshow they've been through over the past couple of months
how will they survive in the upcoming years post my liberation from life? who'll take care of them?
i do feel kind of selfish picking myself over others for the first time in taking this decision. i do know people will stop caring within a certain amount of time,
but i'm worried about what they'll experience in that certain amount of time. i wish my death would be celebrated - my final wish being fulfilled.
no more waking up to another agonizing day, no more going to sleep hoping to not wake up, no more complaining, no more sadness, no more happiness.
just a dead body lying there peacefully after having finally achieved the peace it so craved. to die for, some would argue. sorry bad joke.
anyway. what do you think comes in the hereafter? not to be philosophical or anything im just curious. sure i'll have found the answer out by the time you're reading this but imagine im still here and asking you.
i do wish, as underwhelming as it is, that it'll just be lights out. poof. gone. no more you. life goes on.
this hell and heaven stuff is,, i dunno. god hasn't shown me too much mercy in my lifetime so i'm not sure if he'd show me any when i'm stood there in front of him as the judge pleading guilty for the sin of murdering myself, or what was once me.
the vessel that carried me.
not a bad vessel actually. shame i'm just wasting it away but hey. too much thinking never helped anyone and the one thing i must not do is overthink now
i do wonder how people will take to this news.
i wonder if this website will even be found... what could the circumstances be? i do the deed, there's a police investigation, they go through my electronics for a possible motive
and then they just come across this, maybe? televised? publicized? shared only with family and friends? oof. postmortem popularity, great. wouldn't be here to see it.
how will the people i consider to be my friends react? i don't mean it in the sense of if they'll forget me or not, life is dynamic of course they will but how long will that take.
will they perhaps miss me? my online friends won't even know. they might be waiting for a message that never comes. that's so sad, i'll make sure to let the most amount of people know beforehand, they deserve the closure.
but what about irls. will my absence be noticed?
i wonder if some people would even care. or if they ever did. if any of this or me ever mattered to them or if it was all facade.
won't have the answer to that but hey. it is what it is
it's getting quite late. gotta get up early again tomorrow, exam.
semester exams still going on. nobody knows this is going on, i'm just alllll the same on the outside for everyone. all smiles. all jokes. kinda relieving actually. i wish to atleast die with a smile on my face because i haven't had the luxury of having one in my life for the past 6 years.
coherent thoughts today, aren't they?
i feel like writing everyone in my class and life some words of appreciation because a. its so cheesy to say it to them personally i would die of embarrassment and b. they'd know something is up
maybe schedule a few messages on D-Day. if it goes well, it goes well. if there's a delay or obstruction, i unschedule. i think that's how it works atleast, gotta look into that
i finally wrote my assignment today. will submit it tomorrow
i felt a bit sick earlier a few hours ago my stomach twisting and turning who knows why
the acceptance of my unwillingness to continue living is taking a big weight off my back. i feel sort of okay. i feel the aftereffects of being hit over and over again rather than actively being hit.
you wouldn't believe how many times i told myself its all okay since its just going to end soon anyway.
i can do anything now. i can act stupid, i can push people away to make it hurt less for them, i can jump infront of buses and see if they hit me or not...
freeing. i look back at the past and all i can see is a life well lived... cut short? maybe. SHOULDVE been cut short? absolutely. this is the perfect time to go.
how's reconciliation with a few people (you know who you are) before i go sound? possible, even? nobody knows. nooooooobody.
i love looking at the past. it's all i have left. my 7 minutes will consist of that.
perhaps, after i jump, or hang, or pull the trigger, or whatever else, i'll be back home again.
maybe dad won't be sick. maybe mom won't be sad. maybe my family wouldn't be falling apart. maybe we'd be just a normal middle class family, navigating through life with whatever we have.
not extravagant, but happy. genuinely, truly happy. maybe we won't be dirt poor.
or maybe i'll be in her arms for once, the only place i wish to be. telling her all things i wished i could and she'd actually listen this time. what a stupid thought really its ridiculous im even considering this
but it's nice to think about. i miss her more than i'd like to admit. i miss them. i'm grateful for them
it feels like a part of me is gone. i feel incomplete.
maybe i'll get to play with her hair, squeeze her cheeks, hold her hand again.
i despise revisiting these thoughts. they send shivers down my spine. not good ones. they shake me to my core
the realization of all of these dreams never being fulfilled is what immediately follows. scary. so so scary. dont even want to think or acknowledge.
it's strange because when someone becomes your whole world, your only comfort, for no apparent reason, there's just no way to let go of it.
had i fallen for her looks, i'd tell myself there's other girls, pretty, cute, whatever whatever. plenty of fish in the sea.
had i fallen for her personality, again, billions of women in the world. 
had it been anything material, something replaceable, it would be atleast possible if not easy to let go.
but no. i had to fall for her. the thought of her. her soul. there's only one her and there is nothing else i would ask for.
there's nothing you could take away from her that would make me not love her. she's so precious.
these words terrify me i cant believe they're coming out of my mouth right now i feel so damned it's actually so over for me
lost her lost friends lost everything what do i have left to live for? i'm thinking. genuinely what?
there really is nothing that makes living worth it for me anymore.
this is the best decision i could've possibly made. i'll enjoy the rest of my life and go byebye when the countdown ends, thank god.
goodnight guys.
