---
title: tired
---
im incredibly tired. i feel fatigued although i havent done much and ive had a relatively okay sleep compared to the usual 0 hours 0 minutes i get but yeah im so tired.
i have my semester exams going on right now, i had my mathematics exam yesterday and tomorrow i have my physics exam which i didnt study for and have no clue what to do now
it doesnt matter though my exams have taken a backseat in my head partly i still care about them but not like too much because you know a few months at best it makes no difference
this has become my normal, i get comfort from the thought that itll all end soon anyway that's why ive been taking more risks and not caring much really i stopped caring about my health too
it's incredibly liberating in a way but you can't do this unless you commit to the bit, i used to care a lot earlier but now it doesn't matter anymore
i find it a bit ironic that the one thing that brings me atleast some peace and comfort is telling myself itll all be over soon so i dont need to worry about it too much
yet i can't stop doing stuff like normal, like i study per usual and workout and stuff as if it'll yield anything and i wont just be throwing it all away a few months down the line.
daily life has become just lamenting for me, i dont feel peace or relaxation or happiness anymore at all and life has just been getting worse and worse with no sign of things stabilizing.
that's what led me to this somewhat drastic decision, im still worried about my family and friends, my father is hemiplegic after a bad intracerebral hemorrhage and i don't want to leave in this
trying time so hopefully in a few months time he'll get better and we'll be in a more financially stable position and till then i can prepare my family and friends for what's to come
speaking of preparing them, i have been sometimes unintentionally pushing them away so it'd hurt them less... might be pointless since who would even give it that much thought anyway.
the world keeps spinning and it'll spin regardless of if i'm still here or not, people may pretend to care but i know it'll last maybe a month and everybody will go back to their lives after.
it's just extremely exhausting to have a mind that wont ever shut up, losing friends left right and center, losing everything and everyone i ever loved, there's a breaking point, there certainly is.
and i appear to have hit it to the point where my mind clings onto the end as it's only refuge, every thought i have falls back to that one thing, that there won't be a me for god to torture in a few months.
i'm doing a great job of (mostly) not showing other people any of this while also gathering experiences while i'm still existing, trying to enjoy my last few, just going all out.
"the greatest act of rebellion against the clownery of this world is refusing to participate in it" and by the clownery of this world i mean living.
well that'll be it for this one, i'll come on back here when i have another thought and the patience to write it down here. buhbyeeee
