---
title: sigh
---

as you may have seen in the past few, i'm not the most articulate man in the world.
it's even worse since most of the times i get on here to write stuff i'm either incredibly tired, not very speak-y, or just plain dying.
anyway i was thinking about this whole thing and i realised my thinkflow has been wrong all along.
the longer i stretch this out, i assumed with the extra time i could refine my plan to oblivion so there would be absolutely no way it'd go wrong
but i think with time the potential for things to go wrong increases exponentially faster than any refinement of the plan would help me.
so i need to hurry the hell up. not rushed, but i do need to reconsider if the span i set for this is too long.
i'm concerned about if planning this out will eat my time and i won't have any time to "enjoy", whatever that is i wouldn't know.
then comes the main actual problem... what the hell am i gonna do? my goals are so unrealistic... i want to disappear. i don't want to be found
if i'm found they'll need to waste money on my funeral, have a look at me in that state and i dunno i feel it would be better for me to just die somewhere quiet and far away
and not be found at all, i think merely my absence would be easier to handle than me dying
also that would be a rad way to go just off the grid nowhere to be found like leaving behind a little mystery for people to try and solve... i've got my ideas on how i'd go about it
the initial idea was writing this website down on a paper and putting it in my pocket when i do the act and the police or someone would find it just as a note of closure
what method would i opt for? hanging seems to be the most accessible and doable... asphyxiation for a few minutes for the sweet release of death seems like a small price to pay
but then. i think about much more pleasant seeming methods under sedation but where would i get those sedatives from? need to do a lot more research on this front. blessed to be able to choose my own way to go
any sort of cutting is extremely unappealing to me because of the severe blood loss which would make it easier to be found and it's just not a pleasant sight i wouldnt want to traumatize anyone in the offchance that i'm found before complete decomposition
it really helps to have medicoanatomical knowledge about which arteries or veins would be the best. i love medicine so this is a plus
there is another method but that is allegedly painful as well. i get the concept of no pain no gain but god damn can a man rest in peace, literally? 
any autoasphyxiation i do not like. life is suffocating enough. (yes i know hanging is a sort of autoasphyxiation shut up it doesn't count)
FIREARMSSSS. i wish they were accessible. soooooooo much easier. i know exactly where to hit for it to be an instantenous lights out. ugh.
drowning. no. fucking. way.
the last thing i want is to end up a vegetable, i need to REALLY REALLY REALLY make sure that DOES NOT happen under ANY circumstances. i will be making my life go from hell to something even beyond that.
and i will lose my liberty to choose and do. gosh. no. just no
poisoning. i do have a few ideas in mind but it seems painful. if push comes to shove and i decide to speed this process up till like next week or something this may be a somewhat feasible thing
jumping. extremely appealing and would've been my first and absolute choice were it not for the fact that i'd be found instantly and be traumatizing every poor bystander that has nothing to do with any of this.
jumping from an isolated place? eh. how isolated can a place be? i'd still be found so not very appealing idk i just dont see the vision
VSED again painful but actually if i move far far far away and my mind is strong enough i may be able
high speed crash? if i had a vehicle i'd have gone for this. so beautiful. i would've loveeeeeeeed to. not putting anyone else at risk, of course. or trying my best not to because let's be honest it's very difficult to not have any margin of error going 250 on a public road
i wouldn't have cared about the public part of it if it were that maybe. just such a way to go im so jealous i cant describe it. beautiful bike, adrenaline rush, doing something i love, maybe even a calm casual ride around before i go, heavenly. ufffff. i want that.
the rest are so not it. i do not like any other methods.
