---
title: pain
---

lying in a pool of my warm tears.
one day this will be a pool of my warm blood. thank god. cant tell you how relieved i feel thinking about that
this pain is beyond anything i was ever made to withstand.
i feel like accelerating this entire plan. an impulsive act does not seem unappealing at all right now
im so ready to just lie down and leave. im begging and praying for it.
everytime i sleep i wish to not wake up the next day but i keep waking up.
this constant state of grievance is destroying me, honestly i think it already has done irreparable damage.
i wish firearms were more easily accessible here, would've made my work a million times easier.
im living through hell with moments of serenity occassionally that's what im doing. im not alive anymore.
im just a dead body moving through life because i have to.
its not like i despise life either
i love life. but i hate living. because it's torture.
am i stupid enough to think i haven't hit the point of no return yet? is it stupid to even simply question that?
what if things do get "better". what if the people i miss miraculously come back, what if our financial situation gets better
what if things go the way i wanted them to?
this is what i constantly ask myself.
and the answer i get is nauseating.
i still feel like going through with my plan. im worried. it makes me sick. i feel nauseous right now just thinking about it
my stomach is turning into a knot
im too deep into this to even think about hitting the brakes 
to be honest with you let me tell you something 
i might sound downright schizophrenic saying this but i promise you im not.
there are these sort of prophetic thoughts i have at times, rarely. 
they tend to show up when something catastrophic is about to happen relating to me, people around me or whatever.
i had one of these a few days before papa's stroke. it was very vague, nothing particular or specific 
it was this strong and different thought from the other ones, this one stood out. it felt like somebody had externally pushed it into my head themselves.
and what happens a few days later? the disaster. 
ive also been seeing so many things in my dreams and thoughts before they happened.
im not claiming im a psychic or anything im just telling you what is.
even random interactions and events without much relevance. like somebody saying a certain phrase or meeting a certain person with a certain name/attribute 
the first five times i was convinced it was deja vu. the next 5 times i tried to convince myself it was deja vu 
after those ten times i decided to actually pen things down immediately after i have a thought/dream like that. and so i did. remarkably all of those have come true
and then this ability just... vanishes? not a single trace left. back to normal me. i was so confused
even that precursor to dad's event was just "something life changingly bad will happen to you soon".
when? dunno. what? dunno. to who? dunno. i just knew something bad will happen that will have a profound impact on me.
anyway. i should try to get some shuteye now, all this crying has me half knocked out. goodnight!
