---
title: i don't know what to make of my life
---

it's 11:19 pm as i started typing this. i feel so void right now. i don't feel that sad anymore, it's more like this long continuous lamentation.
tomorrow i have my exam, least of my concerns. thinking a wee bit about how to expand answers and all but i dont really care honestly, i dont even know why im caring this much
if my speech seems like a garbled mess of words please bear with me. it appears that everytime i open this thing i do it in a state where my mind is profoundly... unable to put my thoughts into words.
i have to wake up at 5:30 in the morning tomorrow so i better get to sleep (read, rolling around in bed and pretending to be a dead body till the alarm rings)
today we sold the car. the money didnt last a second, all swooped for dad's physiotherapy. truth be told i thought buying that car was a huge mistake but i liked it.
i didnt want to let go of it. i dreamt of dad waking up, asking me crying where the car was, and all i could say through my tears and hiccups was "i'm sorry, we had to."
it feels like a stab in my heart. not just selling the car. i saw how much dad liked that car. i saw how badly he wanted to drive it. i saw his dream from decades ago leave in front of my eyes.
i gave the guy the keys. dad can't recognize me properly, i strongly doubt he remembers or cares about the car right now. but perhaps a few months later he gets up, speaks better, understands things
and then he asks us where the car is, we wont know what to say.
speaking of him getting up, thats what im waiting for. i dont want to leave my family in this trying time which is a bit stupid of me to think because there are clearly more trying times to come
during which i won't be here, so even thinking about that makes me feel like.. not like staying, but trying to find ways to keep them afloat even after im gone
speaking of his progress, he moved his leg and hand a little today. after severe hemiplegia it's things like this that make me feel more okay. 
everybody leaves at 1'o clock in the afternoon once the exam is over. i stay back till 4:00 because i cant afford to put the money towards the bus to get home since i'll have to change buses midway
seems everybody else has a normal life except for me. i knwo there's worse, i could be orphaned, bedridden, homeless. but that's not what i see everyday and that's not what i compare with. 
my life feels miserable. i'll get back on this later
